In this video we'll cover
pagination for keyword search.
So we've done a lot of work with pagination
but that was only for listing the products.
Now we'll add pagination support for the keyword search.
So here's our development process.
In step one, we're going to add pagination support
to the ProductService, and then we'll update
our ProductListComponent to handle pagination
and a lot of the coding will be similar to what we did
in the previous videos for listing products,
we'll simply update it to handle the case
of searching for products.
All right, step one of adding pagination support
to the ProductService, we'll add this new method,
searchProductsPaginate.
We'll pass in parameters for pagination,
thePage, thePageSize, and the search keyword.
We'll use that to build up our searchURL
and also, remember here, out of the box
Spring Data REST supports pagination,
so all we have to do is send over the parameters
for page and size.
All righty, step two of updating
the ProductListComponent to handle pagination,
so inside of our handleSearchProducts method
we call the service and we pass in those parameters,
so we have thePageNumber, PageSize, and Keyword
and then remember we have to decrement the page number
by one because the pagination component,
the pages are 1 based and Spring Data REST the pages
are 0 based, but we've discussed all of this before.
Then we'll do a .subscribe, we call this.processResult
and that's the same method from the previous videos,
basically taking that JSON response
and then simply mapping that over to our fields here
and our angular component.
All right, so that's it for our development.
Let's go ahead and move into the IDE and let's get started.